what is the name of your yacht vision
what type of yacht is she and what does
she have to offer okay the lagoon 57 it
31 feet wide it's a beautiful brand-new
good how long have you been on the yacht
not long we're joining in july and the
july for a month ago and so far we've
been refitting all the dots and we're
done a few charter and now it looks like
a brand-new good we offer different
activities we offer kayak what is for we
have wakeboarding cubing tubing
paddleboards water skis we offer diving
scuba diving certifications yeah the 90
or power dinghy that we can pull up to a
family all together and we have all the
option where we had TV DVD player
internet Wi-Fi everything why did you
join this yacht good question yeah well
the boat is a beautiful book ceiling
wise and better we love we love to sell
and the other things is that the owner
loves to die we have a compressor on
board we have all the gear on board for
diving and LU being a diving instructor
and I'm being a sailor lover it's kind
of a perfect combination we have a
beautiful Jenica on board and you can
get really fast with that still what's
your your team background I started 12
years old during regattas back in Italy
on small boats was category 4 20 and
since then I never left the boats I
always work on both work around boats
sailing I even work on power but further
why and we even work on super yachts on
the biggest superyacht single word for a
first season and so far always on boats
and your culinary background I've
learned
for people for the last few years
there's known a professional one but my
dad used to run a restaurant my mom
needs to run a frozen food business so
it's been more on the family than
anything and what you did before yachts
hey I was in the army okay we're
airborne parachute troops and then
unfortunately as an accident parachuting
and I broke my knee so I wasn't unable
to active service so I follow my love
for the ocean way I used to work as a
diving instructor Mexico to guide
ecotours misty day trips take people
swimming with whale sharks to teach
people how to die day tours around
Horowitz and things like that
what does the name of your yacht mean
vision a bit story would be honored told
me he basically comes because when you
want to buy a boat he had a vision the
vision of being sailing around the
Caribbean and people sharing the love
for the ocean with them and so they just
decide to call a vision what makes your
what makes you different from all other
yachts us tell her tell her you want to
add it at today oh it's yeah it's that
good I tell us your most memorable
charter question like move hell are we
good experience there's so many I will
probably say the wedding charter yes we
had this perfect group of friends they
came together on board they weren't
planning to have a wedding on board but
we get along all together so well during
the week that I just tell them why don't
you get married again and we find that
we wearing the grenadine we found this
tiny little piece of sand coming out of
the ocean with nothing on it just like a
palapa and that was it like a movie
scenery so we basically organized the
altar and everything the proper wedding
put it on the dinghy drive into the sand
getting on the island I did were waiting
for them getting married come back home
boy with a nice wedding cake waiting for
many was already fun yeah it was already
advised wedding and we're still very
good thank you though nice why should
your guests sorry why should our guests
procure yacht to charter yeah I will say
our knowledge from the ocean because we
have been working a long time and I'm a
equal to work I 235 equal to a guy she
has been a diving instructor for a long
time so we actually have a big knowledge
of a nature of flora no choice well
we do enjoy a lot we don't many other
people we love teaching people with
everything that we do just diving
sailing so we enjoy the company and have
people so we hope to give them the best
and I let everybody drive the boat Oh
you